Acko Office, seeks to implement a scheduling system to efficiently manage meeting room bookings. It currently have 4 meeting rooms with varying capacities:

FerozShahKotla: 4-person capacity
EdenGarden: 10-person capacity
Lords: 20-person capacity
Wimbledon: 2-person capacity
Rules:

Bookings can only be made within a single day without overlapping across days.
Booking intervals are restricted to 30-minute increments (e.g., XX:00, XX:30).
Meeting rooms are allocated on a FCFS basis.
The system allocates the most optimal room based on capacity.
If the desired capacity room is unavailable, the next available capacity room is allocated.
No meetings can be scheduled during maintenance time. It happens at fixed times from 09:00 - 09:30, 13:00 - 13:30 and 18:30 - 19:00. During this time, no meeting rooms will be available to book.
Bookings must be made for 2 to 20 people.
Time input should follow the HH:MM format. Incorrect inputs will be rejected
If the booking time overlaps with the buffer time or person capacity outside range NO_ROOM_AVAILABLE should be printed else ROOM_NAME.
Input Constraints:

1. Time will be in HH:MM (24 hours) format Time input should always consider the 30 minute time interval (start time and end time can only be 00, 30 and so on)
3. For all the time inputs end_time > start_time
Input:
BOOK_ROOM <start_time(inclusive)> <end_time(exclusive)> <person_capacity>
VIEW_ROOMS <start_time(inclusive)> <end_time(exclusive)>
Output: 
ROOM_NAME_1
ROOM_NAME_1 ROOM_NAME_2







Design Considerations
Ability to add meeting rooms
Ability to add guests within limit after schedule
Send notification to guests (only logging)
Map meeting room schedule to calendar for the day (only view for the day)


